what's going on Spartans welcome back
and we have a crazy announcement this is
a picture of a level-one goblin prince
or goblin King I don't know what'll be
called I don't know if it's coming out
but it looks like areas a really big
chance that this could be coming out
this update now I'm super excited about
this I saw two pictures of it now could
these be fake yes they could but it's
something I've wanted for so long and it
does look pretty legit so if you want a
goblin prince or King go ahead and
comment below like this video and say
how much you want another hero because I
do guys and this so rate that I used
guard shun and if I had a goblin Prince
oh my god I'd wreck this base or any
base really I'm just really excited I
really hope this is what comes out this
new update should be coming out I don't
know end of April I'm guessing or maybe
next month beginning but it's got to be
coming out soon and it's really gonna be
cool I hope because I've wanted another
hero for a long time everyone's like oh
but the hero will make it over you know
overpower to be unbalanced not
necessarily guys if there's a new hero
it doesn't mean the game will be
unbalanced because you know they could
make it weak I mean with a goblin Prince
it could have low health and it could
just be very strong and you know it only
target resources most likely so it
wouldn't really take out defenses so
wouldn't necessarily overpower the game
it would just really help farmers out a
lot and I think they'll be really good
for low levels so hopefully it would be
available at townhall 7 or 8 I don't
know what tunnel do you think it'll be
available at guys if it does come out
now this is something obviously it's not
guaranteed to come out but I've thought
for the longest time a third hero would
have to happen eventually and I think
with the fact that the defense's keep
getting stronger and stronger there's no
better time than now to actually add it
I'm hoping for a level 5 Dragon and a
goblin prince and that would make me
extremely happy of these two things
happen obviously several things could
happen I mean healers could go up
another level there's other things that
do need to go up a little I mean hogs
have been nuked so many times them going
up another level be really awesome right
here you can see my queen is distracted
by these giants and this golem is
actually holding these giants in place
because you're gonna see the Giants are
gonna hit this goal and watch ready the
Giants are outside the golem the golems
gonna attack the Archer tower and the
Queen's in a kill the Giants is
absolutely crazy check it out while that
happens though it has actually really
good right not bad at all we're already
at 48% got really close here everyone
you probably know my guys getting a 50%
buddy I do obviously and then oh my god
watch this my Queens on the townhall and
this little goal of might is what's
gonna blow up and kill this test that's
so awesome and there it goes
simultaneously there goes the town hall
from the Queen
pretty awesome victory right there 55%
to star and now my Queens just going for
it I invisi get rid of that Expo and
then crush this dark elixir storage as
fast as possible now pretty solid about
150,000 gold 240,000 elixir in about 2k
dark not a terrible raid guys but as I
said I'm really excited about this I
really do hope that giant I'm sorry
Goblin Prince does come out and yeah I
mean this picture I don't know do you
think it looks legit guys I feel like it
has to be I don't know let me know what
you guys think in the comments below and
I'll talk to you guys there see in the
next video peace